hey guys I'm Rebecca Louise and today on
X hit we have got nine moves that are
guaranteed to get you that flat stomach
so if you're ready to work out I've got
two very special pals as well with me so
let's get going well I've got my two
trusted friend trainers with me today
but hardly over here he's gonna be
watching me today just critiquing Alfie
is just having a little bit of a snooze
so we're gonna get going so they're just
gonna help us out as well today so we're
gonna stop come down to the ground we're
gonna bring our legs up to the ceiling
arms out legs are gonna drop down and
then bring those knees into the chest
and you can really feel this in those
lower abs oh you'll be feeling good
today this is an awesome
ab workout really are gonna be on our
way to get in that flat stomach that we
all want oh your arms out to the side
just gonna help give you a little bit of
support don't grip down just have them
gently there hi Harvey what's mommy
doing interesting isn't it okay are you
ready we're going to go to the next
exercise in three two one
stay up here the legs are just gonna
come down the each side just gently drop
it down we don't want to touch the
ground just come
the ground as you can woo fellows and
spilling everyone we're gonna be on our
way to getting that six-pack hobby now
is your six-pack thing today he's had
breakfast they both have breakfast
Alfie's always tried to steal hardens
food oh how are you doing army okay it's
give me five more seconds of these keep
it going leg dropping down and coming up
again into that starfish so legs apart
arms apart and touching the opposite
foot sweep opposite hand and breathe in
now we always make sure that when we are
doing exercises we are inhaling and
exhaling is option you find if we're not
when we stand up you get a bit dizzy
that's why oh oh my goodness that was a
close come on keep it going just a few
more five four three two one let's flip
over onto our summit Harvey is have
enough of this already we've been doing
is out work out already this morning so
bring it in to mountain climbers nice
and controlled
bring that knee into the chest keep that
tummy pulled in okay should we sign to
feel your abs working now I can
definitely feel mine that's it guys come
on keep it going we can do it I'm going
to work through this together
no one is quitting on me we're going to
go all the way through the end of the
workout it's not that long you do this
every day you really are going to
improve those ads see a flatter stomach
whoo I can feel it's getting sweaty in
here give me one more
handily now when you slip over again
when you do those famous Russian twists
so you can either do it with your legs
over feet on the ground or bring them up
in the air it's gonna make it harder
well why want you to do right now is
only to look at your hands make sure
that your eyes are following your hands
try and get the hands will come really
right to the side of you we were really
going to be working those obliques
that's good sized muscles here ah and
breathe
come on inhale exhale squeeze come on
keep it going
last one turning onto your stomach again
we're going to get into a push-up
position and we're going to bring one
leg in here and hold it for 15 seconds
pull that tummy in
don't put your bottom in the air keep
the nut spine nice and neutral whoo god
it's getting it hot in here definitely
hotter in here the knees in the studio
whoo and the next one let's go hold it
here for 15 seconds and breathe don't
think about the pain just keep it going
just inhale and exhale come on keep that
tummy pulled in you got it guys you can
do it all the way to the end it's a few
more exercises I'm gonna make you spin
back around on yourself oh no it's up
and down up and down but that's good
burning extra hungry we're going to put
our legs up into the air one of my
favorites just gonna do single leg drops
so we're going to work in those lower
abs anything when your back is flat on
the floor and your legs are out it's
finger than they're going down towards
the ground like flat eclipses are
clipped scissor clicks this is a kit all
these leg drops you're gonna be working
those lower abs a lot of people the
hardest thing to work most people back
so you love to get those really popping
down
tell me abs okay come on you got a few
more to go and give me one more mistake
here we're gonna do circles we're gonna
go to the left no we're going to the
right breath for 30 seconds and then to
the left I am seriously dyslexic when it
comes to my left and right and now we go
to bits
but it's always a bit embarrassing to
not do that today when actually I
probably should them to make more muscle
up myself I say the wrong way oh that's
like when I'm driving in a car and the
person goes right turn left and their
turn is no other left happens all the
time
whoa okay come on keep it go boom go to
the left now we are now we're going to
let her just double-check yeah that's
fine
do you know where you do this you hold
your hands up this looks like a left and
L that helps me out you said to do one
of the ballet all the time you have to
stand the left or the right of the bar
just like oh and it works keep it going
come on feel the burn I can really feel
my ABS working out so I'm just keep
talking to you
stretchy from the burn that you're
feeling come on keep it going
you've only got five seconds left to go
whew three two one
and your stick with working on lower abs
so they are the hardest thing to work so
we're just gonna be doing flutter kicks
now you can bring your legs up here you
want to try and keep your back as flat
on the floor as you can yes you do
Harvey or if you just got a little easy
just like little little edge that's a
nice Bell break for me we've got a whole
minute of these okay so make sure your
back is flat on the ground if you can
take it lower
that's brilliant but then you're really
are going to feel that bird we don't
want to arch our back so keep it going
come on
this is pain but it feels good the burn
feels good I can feel the burn Rebecca
yes I can let's have you been saying you
can feel it and it's working for you
let's get everybody involved will get
more of you into this feeling the burn
working out your abs work out your legs
you
feels so good after you exercise but
I've lost my other fellow trailer but lb
is still here you still with me still
rooting us on come on Alfie we can do it
can't we buddy yes that's his
expressional face he doesn't have much
an expression okay you're almost there I
promise you've got five seconds left
come on keep it going oh I can feel
those ABS working and release
whoa big breath and big breath out oh my
goodness
definitely you're hot in here and that
was an awesome workout really felt that
one you know it there's the nine moves
that we are gonna get that flat stomach
gonna get you into shape it's coming up
to summer so everyone wants to get ready
for the bikini or you know in your
trunks or your shops amazing you wanna
work out for me yesterday
we've got the best channel on YouTube so
make sure you subscribe my name's
Rebecca Louise any questions you can
tweet me on Twitter have another pilot
or face book for baking Louise fitness